hello here is python thank you
be back here now there is the
next online fight and we already
can see it this time no came from
me but from my very good friend
nw luxair also has a chance search
fought and found someone who
really just fought with new pokémon
has from the sixth generation
and this fight is really one
example of the double fight xy
can run more defensively and
not just a pure exchange
As you can see, the enemy must catch up
garth jürgen and rock era to
Of course that is already one
defensive song lux has had at the beginning
exchanged hate because of the types
Effect really not the best position
had sparkles on the spot it brings
here the thunder wave first through
Bots King's shield is only paralyzed
and pigs are brought out for
kara you can see nothing interesting
Too often in double combat toxin comes
and thanks to spotlight we are on tour
it would probably like to 12 too
i have appreciated the windows
Fist was enough to over half
to make harm both ears gave that
is called a toolkit ko that would be with
dark fist, however, bears gates
also remains why a simple king
sign here again sufficiently around the
to get out of the way
tobias just kept on banding and spotlighting
lynx has king sign with the
probably foreseen and does
therefore the mistake on rocca rastatt
to attack again through the garden
and yes we have seen the bizarre room
got out of rock this is now
Of course for the opponent completely
orderly
a paralyzed tier guard also had
Of course, there is always something then
should attack first
which is also here after the spotlight and
the opportunity continues to benefit
to know with sword dance now comes
however another one more
window fist through the almost kate
but thank you remnants it could
Surviving toxin will awake from worry
Chris just fended off because it already
poisoned
and as it continues to make spotlight
Toxin can not be absorbed either
The opponent has now tried
attack and not the kingsfeld
However, it was sacrifice
become paralysis and could
nevertheless not attack
lux took advantage of the opportunity
pizarro room again off here
However, as we will not see
Long
It's the trophy here
Indulged again with a bit of coffee
fill
it just protects you now
was re-sign with the king with
no more attacking the pc first
Space is indeed at this point attacks
but also because of local change because
lux probably looks with the king
has reckoned thanks to red card
We are also exchanged and we already
half announced comes now here in the
room again by the enemy then kroker
and looking there has at least one again
few café collected so and clock harbor
Of course, this must first happen
Let's worry because it's here last
attacking may, however, rescued cris
pretty much everyone out of everyone
situation with the spotlight shadow
kick came through and foot has become
harbor sacrificed so to speak here still stands
there and for a draco meteor
and that's enough
actually watch and watch here
field to clear the special attack sinks
Of course, however, herring will now turn
we activate now and see through it
the status values ​​are restored
so now that's probably what
even each one seems to be from the opponent
and ohoven would have that here, of course
can make problems
At this point, Dhabi becomes active in the room
is and where to be in his towering
call pool also has dragon pulse because of that
Luxury thought it was easy
protected port and with 415 affordable
deactivated again now he can help
Pass me the draco meteor enough
but not where to look completely
to defeat that before that one here
before that the dragon pulse
bring through and thus harbor
saying goodbye
two windows brings here but still
window fist so looks was aware
that it is not enough for an oneway
I estimate coverband meanwhile
just keep on running
lux still has logo in the backhand
and the opponent still bizarre that it for
Of course, lux first, a good one
initial situation lux even plays the
mega stone on logic and it looks
Of course not so bad
for lux in place of the opponent protects
but first his bidon and begins
so the mistake of what two
Fans come from here comes toxin
by what, but not so much
A lot should matter in this offensive
phase that's what I call it
blog is now launching the dive house
shelves which, of course, for the moment
is not enough focus kurt or similar on
start and there I have to go directly
say goodbye
praise gets neat recoil
however, the fight is like you now
I almost ran
rocker still stands with a few kpd and
the opponent thought probably one more
Round out by again the number
Space sets the power, however, too
not so many can help it
even attack
first intervene and thus cyclists
Say goodbye and that's the victory
also to lux yes and that was the fight like
I thought it was a very good one
example that it is not necessarily
I always have to run aggressively, I hope
I liked your fight and that
I say goodbye already and
his tips and see you next time